hello today i wanted to show
how to tinted glass on the model
I have a real dubbing
film
but also very hard yet did not understand how it
do therefore there is no cat of the world and a marker
Now we will show how to do it right
I decided to show my model UAZ
the patriot who bought the connection or very
long ago everything is removed very simply as
find os glass
I take
open the marker and not very fast
gradually begin to he here
paint over paint better inside
because the outside will not be asked
point smudges and if the edge of the Season
3 then everything will be quite better with one
side finished act the other
so now i have white back glass
so shchors try a lot here
foreign training is not
any glass shone through and please
Nehru I am but not completely but only from above
it will be like a good job
fate who need to tint now a
By the way, I wanted to show you a little motor
from uaz you standard well, in general the wheels
I like cool roms here
such is the panel
Here is such a sa in general, okay, still
I collect right when you are all going
dig I think you know it but here
Salon here are holes in which should
find these now these here
I put salon I attach the panel and by the way
if you have not inserted the panel
so here I have a little inserted
question when open doors or doors and
then gusset or finite lot all in
okay because the glass on the site
so the glass is installed now installed
panel
so she or set so now to
the bottom of the case I attach what is
i will break
oh I broke the truth well, somehow I
done now i'm to the bottom on
lower part I put the body no better
I'm doing here from poison inside the body put
Salon and I only put it there
it turns krivorukost even give him
girlfriend my foot to collect so so again
nothing works
this I have a little
technical problems
we twist I try to twist because
doesn't seem still broke there and wrong
did because now i'm very
I remember a big gap on them so
factory
write in comments but you
spun the machine goes training for me
it seems it turned out
fine strip of bare glass
on the rear glass is very good toner it
thank you all for watching